Add AWS s3 sink connector docs. (#782)
streamnative/pulsar-io-cloud-storage: docs/aws-s3-sink.md

| `formatType`                    | String  | True     | null         | The data format type. Available options are JSON, Avro, Bytes, or Parquet. By default, it is set to JSON.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| `partitionerType`               | String  | True     | null         | The partitioning type. It can be configured by topic partitions or by time. By default, the partition type is configured by topic partitions.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |

> | `region`                        | String  | False    | null         | The AWS S3 region. Either the endpoint or region must be set.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |

Reviewer: Do we need to mention or link to how to get the region for the AWS?

Author: I don't think it's necessary. This should be common sense.

| `parquetCodec`                  | String  | False    | gzip         | Compression codec used when formatType=`parquet`. Available compression types are: null (no compression), snappy, gzip, lzo, brotli, lz4, zstd.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| `jsonAllowNaN`                  | Boolean | False    | false        | Recognize 'NaN', 'INF', '-INF' as legal floating number values when formatType=`json`. Since JSON specification does not allow such values this is a non-standard feature and disabled by default.                                                                                                                                                                                    |

## Advanced features

### Data format types

> Cloud Storage Sink Connector provides multiple output format options, including JSON, Avro, Bytes, or Parquet. The default format is JSON.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AWS S3 Sink Connector provides multiple output format options, including JSON, Avro, Bytes, or Parquet. The default format is JSON.
```

We didn't mention `Cloud storage sink connector` before. The user may not know the relationship between the cloud storage sink connector and S3 sink connector.

>
> For example, if a message `User` has the following schema:
> ```protobuf
> syntax = "proto3";
> message User {
>  string name = 1;
>  int32 age = 2;
> }
> ```
>
> When `withMetadata` is set to `true`, the connector will write the message `DynamicMessage` with the following schema:
> ```protobuf
> syntax = "proto3";
> message PulsarIOCSCProtobufMessageMetadata {
>  map<string, string> properties = 1;
>  string schema_version = 2;
>  string message_id = 3;
> }
> message User {
>  string name = 1;
>  int32 age = 2;
>  PulsarIOCSCProtobufMessageMetadata __message_metadata__ = 3;
> }
> ```
>
 
 
### Dead-letter topics

To use a dead-letter topic, you need to set `skipFailedMessages` to `false`, and set `--max-redeliver-count` and `--dead-letter-topic` when submit the connector with the `pulsar-admin` CLI tool. For more info about dead-letter topics, see the [Pulsar documentation](https://pulsar.apache.org/docs/en/concepts-messaging/#dead-letter-topic).

> If a message fails to be sent to the Cloud Storage and there is a dead-letter topic, the connector will send the message to the dead-letter topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a message fails to be sent to the AWS S3 and there is a dead-letter topic, the connector will send the message to the dead-letter topic.
```

### Sink flushing only after batchTimeMs elapses

There is a scenario where the sink is only flushing whenever the `batchTimeMs` has elapsed, even though there are many messages waiting to be processed.

> The reason for this is that the sink will only acknowledge messages after they are flushed to cloud storage but the broker stops sending messages when it reaches a certain limit of unacknowledged messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The reason for this is that the sink will only acknowledge messages after they are flushed to AWS S3 but the broker stops sending messages when it reaches a certain limit of unacknowledged messages.
```
